Adds AppGroup documentation (#2129)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/push_story.md

> You also need to add Capability `App Groups`. If you haven't had any app group in your app, go to the Capability of the main app target, turn on the `App Groups` and click the "+". Use your App's bundle ID to create the App Group. For example, if your app's bundle ID is `com.company.appname`, you can name your App Group `group.com.company.appname.xyz`. You need to turn on the `App Groups` for both the main app target and the content extension target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to add `Capability App Groups`. If you haven't had any app group in your app, go to the Capability of the main app target, turn on the `App Groups` and click the "+". Use your App's bundle ID to create the App Group. For example, if your app's bundle ID is `com.company.appname`, you can name your App Group `group.com.company.appname.xyz`. You need to turn on the `App Groups` for both the main app target and the content extension target.
```

Reviewer: i wonder if we change this code highlighting it might help show it's its own concept and not Braze app groups?

{% alert important %}

> The exact format is documented in Apple's [_App Groups Entitlement_](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_security_application-groups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `App Groups` in this context refer to Apple's [_App Groups Entitlement_](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_security_application-groups) and not your Braze App Group ID.
```
